[Junit] Allow to omit  SystemOutLog & SystemErrLog in XML report #23229 (#23412)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/jvm/java_testing.adoc

include::sample[dir="snippets/testing/junit-xml-results/groovy",files="build.gradle[tags=configure-content]"]
====

===== omitSystemOutLog & omitSystemErrLog

> Allows configuring XML exporter to omit the system error and system out logs in the result file.

Reviewer: To match the documentation should have the flag in the text and the title. It would also be nice to have a sentence about why this would be useful. When would someone want to change the option to true?

```suggestion
When enabled, the `omitSystemErrLog` option allows configuring XML exporter to omit the system error in the result file. 
While the `omitSystemErrLog` option allows configuring XML exporter to omit the system out logs in the result file.
```

include::sample[dir="snippets/testing/junit-xml-results/groovy",files="build.gradle[tags=configure-content]"]
====

> ===== omitSystemOutLog & omitSystemErrLog

Reviewer 2: Please update to use the new property names.  Also mention that the default _remains_ to continue to include both logs' output.
